awesome-package.md, before:

# Awesome Pckage - Flutter Noobie

[![standard-readme compliant](https://img.shields.io/badge/readme%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/RichardLitt/standard-readme)

After my all browser tabs are full with Flutter packages and articles I have to decide to close the tab or put it somewhere.
So I think of github that could help me and maybe useful for everyone too. especially for flutter noobie 😜.

###### Make a README is inspired by [Keep a Changelog](https://github.com/dguo/make-a-readme/blob/master/README.md).

## 🚀 Table of Contents

- [Navigation](#navigation)
- [State Management](#state-management)
  - Small & Medium
  - Complex Data Management
- [SharePreference & Local DB](#share-preference)
- [Utilities](#Utilities)
- [Roadmmap](#roadmap)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Navigation

<b>[Fluro](https://pub.dev/packages/fluro)</b> The brightest, hippest, coolest router for Flutter. <b>(Recommended)</b>

## State Management

#### Small & Medium App

Provider, River Pod (For first start of state management) For Small App

#### Complex Data Management App

Bloc (Highly Recommended) For Complex Data Management

- [bloc_rest_api](https://pub.dev/packages/bloc_rest_api) A flutter package to easily integrate and manage REST APIs. Now all you need to do is create a model class and all the rest is taken care of. :)

## Notification

- [flutter_local_notifications](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_local_notifications) A cross platform plugin for displaying local notifications.

## Cool Package 😍

- [beamer](https://pub.dev/packages/beamer) Handle your application routing, synchronize it with browser URL and more. Beamer uses the power of Navigator 2.0 API and implements all the underlying logic for you.
- [Sn Progress Dialog](https://pub.dev/packages/sn_progress_dialog) Progress dialog package for flutter
- [Animated Image List for Flutter](https://pub.dev/packages/animated_image_list) Flutter Animated image list with parallax effect and image lightbox.
- [async_button_builder](https://pub.dev/packages/async_button_builder) A builder that adds loading, disabled, errored and completed states on top of buttons that perform asynchronous tasks.
- [anim_search_bar](https://pub.dev/packages/anim_search_bar) Anim Search Bar
- [✨ Flutter Spinkit](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_spinkit) A collection of loading indicators animated with flutter. Heavily inspired by @tobiasahlin's SpinKit.
- [swipeable_card](https://pub.dev/packages/swipeable_card) Add swipeable card-like widgets for games or interactive onboarding screens
- [strengthpassword](https://pub.dev/packages/strengthpassword) A new Flutter package for both android and iOS which helps to find the strength of password and if password is weak it doesnt allow validation
- [popover](https://pub.dev/packages/popover) A popover is a transient view that appears above other content onscreen when you tap a control or in an area. Typically, a popover includes an arrow pointing to the location from which it emerged.
- [DrawerSwipe](https://pub.dev/packages/drawer_swipe) A Swipe Drawer Library for Easy and Quick Usage.
- [ThemeModeSelector](https://pub.dev/packages/thememode_selector) I am currently working with the concept of Theme's in Flutter and I wanted to build a widget which would allow me to switch between light and dark themes.
- [alphabet_scroll_view](https://pub.dev/packages/alphabet_scroll_view) A Scrollable ListView Widget with the dynamic vertical Alphabet List on the Side which you can drag and tap to scroll to the first item starting with that letter in the list.
- [cupertino_listview](https://pub.dev/packages/cupertino_listview) This library tends to be the equivalent of iOS UITableView with plain sections.
- [double_tap_player_view](https://pub.dev/packages/double_tap_player_view) Created to handle fast forward/rewind behavior by double tap and horizontal drag like a video player.
  This plugin is inspired to DoubleTapPlayerView.
- [brand_circle_loading](https://pub.dev/packages/brand_circle_loading) Brand Circle Loading
- [gizmos_settings_screen](https://pub.dev/packages/gizmos_settings_screen) A Flutter package for displaying settings screens (or similar screens).
- [hive](https://pub.dev/packages/hive) Fast, Enjoyable & Secure NoSQL Database
- [flutter_pulltorefresh](https://github.com/peng8350/flutter_pulltorefresh) a widget provided to the flutter scroll component drop-down refresh and pull up load.support android and ios. If you are Chinese.
- [Timelines](https://pub.dev/packages/timelines) A powerful & easy to use timeline package for Flutter! 🚀
- [Grouped List](https://pub.dev/packages/grouped_list) A flutter ListView in which list items can be grouped to sections.
- [smooth_page_indicator](https://pub.dev/packages/smooth_page_indicator) Customizable animated page indicator with a set of built-in effects.
- [FlutterQuill](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_quill) Rich text editor and a Quill component for Flutter.
- [horizontal_card_pager](https://pub.dev/packages/horizontal_card_pager) Use dynamic and beautiful card view pagers (horizontal direction) to help you create great apps.
- [custom_refresh_indicator](https://pub.dev/packages/custom_refresh_indicator) Flutter Custom Refresh Indicator
- [flutter_stories](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_stories) Widget that brings stories mechanism to your apps
- [parallax_image](https://pub.dev/packages/parallax_image) A Flutter widget that paints an image and moves it at a slower speed than the main scrolling content.
- [Fluttermoji](https://pub.dev/packages/fluttermoji) A light-weight and highly customizable SVG graphic set for Flutter, which provides a Customizer Widget, CircleAvatar and other utility functions.
- [liquid_pull_to_refresh](https://pub.dev/packages/liquid_pull_to_refresh) A beautiful and custom refresh indicator for flutter highly inspired from Ramotion Pull Down to Refresh.
- [lottie](https://pub.dev/packages/lottie) Lottie is a mobile library for Android and iOS that parses Adobe After Effects animations exported as json with Bodymovin and renders them natively on mobile!
- [flutter_offline](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_offline) A tidy utility to handle offline/online connectivity like a Boss. It provides support for both iOS and Android platforms (offcourse).

## Images

- [image_picker](https://pub.dev/packages/image_picker) A Flutter plugin for iOS and Android for picking images from the image library, and taking new pictures with the camera.
- [Image Cropper](https://pub.dev/packages/image_cropper) A Flutter plugin for Android and iOS supports cropping images. This plugin is based on two different native libraries so it comes with different UI between these platforms.
- [Flutter Multi Image Picker](https://pub.dev/packages/multi_image_picker) Flutter plugin that allows you to display multi image picker on iOS and Android.
- [photo_view](https://pub.dev/packages/photo_view) A simple zoomable image/content widget for Flutter.

## Error Handler/Logger

- [Catcher](https://pub.dev/packages/catcher#crashlytics-handler) Catcher is Flutter plugin which automatically catches error/exceptions and handle them.

## Charts

- [Flutter Charting library](https://pub.dev/packages/charts_flutter) Material Design data visualization library written natively in Dart.
- [FL Chart](https://github.com/imaNNeoFighT/fl_chart) 💥 A library to draw fantastic charts in Flutter 💥

## Utilities

- Date Picker
  - [Date Range Picker](https://pub.dev/packages/date_range_picker) Flutter date range pickers use a dialog window to select a range of date on mobile.
- [url_launcher](https://pub.dev/packages/url_launcher) A Flutter plugin for launching a URL in the mobile platform. Supports iOS, Android, web, Windows, macOS, and Linux..
- [Sensors](https://pub.dev/packages/sensors) A Flutter plugin to access the accelerometer and gyroscope sensors.

## Roadmap

- Adding more cool package

## 🍰 Contributing

Please feel free to submit an issue or pull request.

## License

[MIT](https://github.com/dguo/make-a-readme/blob/master/LICENSE)

<hr>
<p align="center">
Developed with ❤️ &nbspin Cambodia 🇰🇭
</p>

Commit message:

Add fews more awesome package

awesome-package.md, after:

# Awesome Pckage - Flutter Noobie

[![standard-readme compliant](https://img.shields.io/badge/readme%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/RichardLitt/standard-readme)

After my all browser tabs are full with Flutter packages and articles I have to decide to close the tab or put it somewhere.
So I think of github that could help me and maybe useful for everyone too. especially for flutter noobie 😜.

###### Make a README is inspired by [Keep a Changelog](https://github.com/dguo/make-a-readme/blob/master/README.md).

## 🚀 Table of Contents

- [Navigation](#navigation)
- [State Management](#state-management)
  - Small & Medium
  - Complex Data Management
- [SharePreference & Local DB](#share-preference)
- [Utilities](#Utilities)
- [Roadmmap](#roadmap)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Navigation

<b>[Fluro](https://pub.dev/packages/fluro)</b> The brightest, hippest, coolest router for Flutter. <b>(Recommended)</b>

## State Management

#### Small & Medium App

Provider, River Pod (For first start of state management) For Small App

#### Complex Data Management App

Bloc (Highly Recommended) For Complex Data Management

- [bloc_rest_api](https://pub.dev/packages/bloc_rest_api) A flutter package to easily integrate and manage REST APIs. Now all you need to do is create a model class and all the rest is taken care of. :)

## Notification

- [flutter_local_notifications](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_local_notifications) A cross platform plugin for displaying local notifications.

## Cool Package 😍

- [just_audio](https://pub.dev/packages/just_audio) just_audio is a feature-rich audio player for Android, iOS, macOS and web.
- [very_good_cli](https://pub.dev/packages/very_good_cli) A Very Good Command Line Interface for Dart.
- [scaled_list](https://pub.dev/packages/scaled_list) A Horizontal List view With Lots of modification including a scaled current item.
- [Flutter Password Validator](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_pw_validator) Flutter Password Validator
- [multiavatar](https://pub.dev/packages/multiavatar) Multiavatar represents people from multiple races, multiple cultures, multiple age groups, multiple worldviews and walks of life.
- [Shimmer](https://pub.dev/packages/shimmer) A package provides an easy way to add shimmer effect in Flutter project
- [beamer](https://pub.dev/packages/beamer) Handle your application routing, synchronize it with browser URL and more. Beamer uses the power of Navigator 2.0 API and implements all the underlying logic for you.
- [Sn Progress Dialog](https://pub.dev/packages/sn_progress_dialog) Progress dialog package for flutter
- [Animated Image List for Flutter](https://pub.dev/packages/animated_image_list) Flutter Animated image list with parallax effect and image lightbox.
- [async_button_builder](https://pub.dev/packages/async_button_builder) A builder that adds loading, disabled, errored and completed states on top of buttons that perform asynchronous tasks.
- [anim_search_bar](https://pub.dev/packages/anim_search_bar) Anim Search Bar
- [✨ Flutter Spinkit](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_spinkit) A collection of loading indicators animated with flutter. Heavily inspired by @tobiasahlin's SpinKit.
- [swipeable_card](https://pub.dev/packages/swipeable_card) Add swipeable card-like widgets for games or interactive onboarding screens
- [strengthpassword](https://pub.dev/packages/strengthpassword) A new Flutter package for both android and iOS which helps to find the strength of password and if password is weak it doesnt allow validation
- [popover](https://pub.dev/packages/popover) A popover is a transient view that appears above other content onscreen when you tap a control or in an area. Typically, a popover includes an arrow pointing to the location from which it emerged.
- [DrawerSwipe](https://pub.dev/packages/drawer_swipe) A Swipe Drawer Library for Easy and Quick Usage.
- [ThemeModeSelector](https://pub.dev/packages/thememode_selector) I am currently working with the concept of Theme's in Flutter and I wanted to build a widget which would allow me to switch between light and dark themes.
- [alphabet_scroll_view](https://pub.dev/packages/alphabet_scroll_view) A Scrollable ListView Widget with the dynamic vertical Alphabet List on the Side which you can drag and tap to scroll to the first item starting with that letter in the list.
- [cupertino_listview](https://pub.dev/packages/cupertino_listview) This library tends to be the equivalent of iOS UITableView with plain sections.
- [double_tap_player_view](https://pub.dev/packages/double_tap_player_view) Created to handle fast forward/rewind behavior by double tap and horizontal drag like a video player.
  This plugin is inspired to DoubleTapPlayerView.
- [brand_circle_loading](https://pub.dev/packages/brand_circle_loading) Brand Circle Loading
- [gizmos_settings_screen](https://pub.dev/packages/gizmos_settings_screen) A Flutter package for displaying settings screens (or similar screens).
- [hive](https://pub.dev/packages/hive) Fast, Enjoyable & Secure NoSQL Database
- [flutter_pulltorefresh](https://github.com/peng8350/flutter_pulltorefresh) a widget provided to the flutter scroll component drop-down refresh and pull up load.support android and ios. If you are Chinese.
- [Timelines](https://pub.dev/packages/timelines) A powerful & easy to use timeline package for Flutter! 🚀
- [Grouped List](https://pub.dev/packages/grouped_list) A flutter ListView in which list items can be grouped to sections.
- [smooth_page_indicator](https://pub.dev/packages/smooth_page_indicator) Customizable animated page indicator with a set of built-in effects.
- [FlutterQuill](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_quill) Rich text editor and a Quill component for Flutter.
- [horizontal_card_pager](https://pub.dev/packages/horizontal_card_pager) Use dynamic and beautiful card view pagers (horizontal direction) to help you create great apps.
- [custom_refresh_indicator](https://pub.dev/packages/custom_refresh_indicator) Flutter Custom Refresh Indicator
- [flutter_stories](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_stories) Widget that brings stories mechanism to your apps
- [parallax_image](https://pub.dev/packages/parallax_image) A Flutter widget that paints an image and moves it at a slower speed than the main scrolling content.
- [Fluttermoji](https://pub.dev/packages/fluttermoji) A light-weight and highly customizable SVG graphic set for Flutter, which provides a Customizer Widget, CircleAvatar and other utility functions.
- [liquid_pull_to_refresh](https://pub.dev/packages/liquid_pull_to_refresh) A beautiful and custom refresh indicator for flutter highly inspired from Ramotion Pull Down to Refresh.
- [lottie](https://pub.dev/packages/lottie) Lottie is a mobile library for Android and iOS that parses Adobe After Effects animations exported as json with Bodymovin and renders them natively on mobile!
- [flutter_offline](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_offline) A tidy utility to handle offline/online connectivity like a Boss. It provides support for both iOS and Android platforms (offcourse).

## Images

- [image_picker](https://pub.dev/packages/image_picker) A Flutter plugin for iOS and Android for picking images from the image library, and taking new pictures with the camera.
- [Image Cropper](https://pub.dev/packages/image_cropper) A Flutter plugin for Android and iOS supports cropping images. This plugin is based on two different native libraries so it comes with different UI between these platforms.
- [Flutter Multi Image Picker](https://pub.dev/packages/multi_image_picker) Flutter plugin that allows you to display multi image picker on iOS and Android.
- [photo_view](https://pub.dev/packages/photo_view) A simple zoomable image/content widget for Flutter.

## Error Handler/Logger

- [Catcher](https://pub.dev/packages/catcher#crashlytics-handler) Catcher is Flutter plugin which automatically catches error/exceptions and handle them.

## Charts

- [Flutter Charting library](https://pub.dev/packages/charts_flutter) Material Design data visualization library written natively in Dart.
- [FL Chart](https://github.com/imaNNeoFighT/fl_chart) 💥 A library to draw fantastic charts in Flutter 💥

## Utilities

- Date Picker
  - [Date Range Picker](https://pub.dev/packages/date_range_picker) Flutter date range pickers use a dialog window to select a range of date on mobile.
- [url_launcher](https://pub.dev/packages/url_launcher) A Flutter plugin for launching a URL in the mobile platform. Supports iOS, Android, web, Windows, macOS, and Linux..
- [Sensors](https://pub.dev/packages/sensors) A Flutter plugin to access the accelerometer and gyroscope sensors.

## Roadmap

- Adding more cool package

## 🍰 Contributing

Please feel free to submit an issue or pull request.

## License

[MIT](https://github.com/dguo/make-a-readme/blob/master/LICENSE)

<hr>
<p align="center">
Developed with ❤️ &nbspin Cambodia 🇰🇭
</p>
