README.md, before:

# Flutter Noobie

[![standard-readme compliant](https://img.shields.io/badge/readme%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/RichardLitt/standard-readme)

I hope people who are new to flutter will find it useful. I have created this README from what I have learn from flutter. Because I love doing new stuffs. It's not for my personal learning improvment only but it also sharing with our teams and hopefully will benefit to everyone that interested with flutter and don't know where to start.

So below is what I have experience with flutter.

###### Make a README is inspired by [Keep a Changelog](https://github.com/dguo/make-a-readme/blob/master/README.md).

## 🚀 Table of Contents

- [OOP Is Back!](#oop-is-back)
- [Basic Dart](https://github.com/smartherd/DartTutorial)
  - Data Types & Variables
  - Control Flow Statement
  - Loop
  - Function & Methods
  - ... etc
- [Flutter Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Issue You May Have](#issue)
- [Project Structure](#project-structure)
- [State Management](#state-management)
- [Authentication Flow](#auth-flow)
- [SharePreference & Local DB](#share-preference)
- [Navigation](#navigation)
- [Related Resources](#related-resources)
- [Roadmmap](#roadmap)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## OOP Is Back

#### Fluttering Dart: OOP

https://levelup.gitconnected.com/fluttering-dart-oop-8b92cd89a7f0

#### Flutter Design Patterns: 0 — Introduction

https://medium.com/flutter-community/flutter-design-patterns-0-introduction-5e88cfff6792

Other articles in this series

- [1 — Singleton](#https://mkobuolys.medium.com/flutter-design-patterns-1-singleton-437f04e923ce)
- [2 — Adapter](#https://mkobuolys.medium.com/flutter-design-patterns-2-adapter-3f05c02a7c84)
- [3 — Template Method](#https://mkobuolys.medium.com/flutter-design-patterns-3-template-method-89799d84e378)
- ... etc

Many more checkout [article above](#https://medium.com/flutter-community/flutter-design-patterns-0-introduction-5e88cfff6792) (at the bottom of the page)

## Related Resources

- [Flutter-Notebook](https://github.com/OpenFlutter/Flutter-Notebook/blob/master/readme_english.md)

  - 🧐 Flutter notebook is a collection of flutter demos，It can help you quickly learn some piecemeal knowledge.
  - 😉 This project will be updated from time to time. If you find this project useful, Please recommend to more people
  - 🤩 Most of the projects are designed to provide some solutions to the problem in flutter. If you have a better implementation or a good idea, please submit a pull request!

- [Art of README](https://github.com/noffle/art-of-readme)
- [Awesome README](https://github.com/matiassingers/awesome-readme)
- [Standard Readme](https://github.com/RichardLitt/standard-readme)

## Other Noted Book

## Roadmap

- More detail on each bullet point
- Attachment with some screenshot or code snippet
- Create example for some difficualt part

## 🍰 Contributing

Please feel free to submit an issue or pull request.

## License

[MIT](https://github.com/dguo/make-a-readme/blob/master/LICENSE)

<hr>
<p align="center">
Developed with ❤️ &nbspin Cambodia 🇰🇭
</p>

Commit message:

Add youtube channel for flutter tips

README.md, after:

# Flutter Noobie

[![standard-readme compliant](https://img.shields.io/badge/readme%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/RichardLitt/standard-readme)

I hope people who are new to flutter will find it useful. I have created this README from what I have learn from flutter. Because I love doing new stuffs. It's not for my personal learning improvment only but it also sharing with our teams and hopefully will benefit to everyone that interested with flutter and don't know where to start.

So below is what I have experience with flutter.

###### Make a README is inspired by [Keep a Changelog](https://github.com/dguo/make-a-readme/blob/master/README.md).

## 🚀 Table of Contents

- [OOP Is Back!](#oop-is-back)
- [Basic Dart](https://github.com/smartherd/DartTutorial)
  - Data Types & Variables
  - Control Flow Statement
  - Loop
  - Function & Methods
  - ... etc
- [Flutter Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Issue You May Have](#issue)
- [Project Structure](#project-structure)
- [State Management](#state-management)
- [Authentication Flow](#auth-flow)
- [SharePreference & Local DB](#share-preference)
- [Navigation](#navigation)
- [Related Resources](#related-resources)
- [Roadmmap](#roadmap)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## OOP Is Back

#### Fluttering Dart: OOP

https://levelup.gitconnected.com/fluttering-dart-oop-8b92cd89a7f0

#### Flutter Design Patterns: 0 — Introduction

https://medium.com/flutter-community/flutter-design-patterns-0-introduction-5e88cfff6792

Other articles in this series

- [1 — Singleton](#https://mkobuolys.medium.com/flutter-design-patterns-1-singleton-437f04e923ce)
- [2 — Adapter](#https://mkobuolys.medium.com/flutter-design-patterns-2-adapter-3f05c02a7c84)
- [3 — Template Method](#https://mkobuolys.medium.com/flutter-design-patterns-3-template-method-89799d84e378)
- ... etc

Many more checkout [article above](#https://medium.com/flutter-community/flutter-design-patterns-0-introduction-5e88cfff6792) (at the bottom of the page)

## Related Resources

- **Tips**

  - [10 Flutter Tips to Be More Productive (Video)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=14VtPQ1aoaU)
  - [Flutter Folder Structure and Packages](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yJRpuTP156o&t=20s&ab_channel=RobertBrunhage)
  - [Learn Flutter Life Cycle In 10 Minutes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CjloInz3-I0&ab_channel=RobertBrunhage)

- [Flutter-Notebook](https://github.com/OpenFlutter/Flutter-Notebook/blob/master/readme_english.md)

  - 🧐 Flutter notebook is a collection of flutter demos，It can help you quickly learn some piecemeal knowledge.
  - 😉 This project will be updated from time to time. If you find this project useful, Please recommend to more people
  - 🤩 Most of the projects are designed to provide some solutions to the problem in flutter. If you have a better implementation or a good idea, please submit a pull request!

- [Art of README](https://github.com/noffle/art-of-readme)
- [Awesome README](https://github.com/matiassingers/awesome-readme)
- [Standard Readme](https://github.com/RichardLitt/standard-readme)

## Other Noted Book

## Roadmap

- More detail on each bullet point
- Attachment with some screenshot or code snippet
- Create example for some difficualt part

## 🍰 Contributing

Please feel free to submit an issue or pull request.

## License

[MIT](https://github.com/dguo/make-a-readme/blob/master/LICENSE)

<hr>
<p align="center">
Developed with ❤️ &nbspin Cambodia 🇰🇭
</p>
